TELCODOCS-1820: kmod changes (#74713)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-running-depmod.adoc

= Running depmod

> It is recommended to run `depmod` at the end of the build process to generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files. This is especially useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module,

Author: Changed.

.Procedure

> . To generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files for a specific kernel version, run
> `+depmod -b /opt ${KERNEL_VERSION}+`.

Reviewer: Also even if you didn't write this line, this should honestly be rewritten to better resemble our typical styling:
```suggestion
. Generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files for a specific kernel version by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ depmod -b /opt <kernel_version>`.
----
```

(I'm assuming the kernel version is an input value for the user and not a variable that's already set, if that's wrong then I think `${KERNEL_VERSION}` can be left as is)

Author: Changed. Also, the variable is already set, so leaving in **${KERNEL_VERSION}+**.

> `+depmod -b /opt ${KERNEL_VERSION}+`.

Author: Changed.
